=head1 NAME

log-vm-superhub-stats

=head1 DESCRIPTION

A quick script to gather statistics from my Virgin Media "SuperHub" (a
VM-branded Netgear cable modem with wifi and routing abilities)
and record them to a database for later analysis/graphing etc.

Parses the information via the web interface, as SNMP appears to be disabled
(and also SNMP is a hateful ball of pain I'd rather not deal with anyway).

Written for my own use, but shared here in case it's of use to anyone else.

If you find it useful, feel free to drop me a mail; if I find other people are
interested in it, I may well make it better, easier to configure, and be more
likely to write a fancy data graphing interface too.

This is based on my previous log-ntl-cablemodem-stats, found in this same
repository, which was intended for the old NTL Ambit 120 cable modem (which
served me bloody well, but has been replaced with the SuperHub in order to
obtain faster broadband).

=head1 USAGE

As it was written for my own use, it's perhaps not as friendly as it could be.

There's SQL schemass provided for MySQL and SQLite; use the appropriate one to
set up a database table (or convert to be compatible with your favourite RDBMS).

Then, edit the script and change the C<DBI> connect call to suit where your
database is, and amend the modem connection details if required.

Then, run the script from cron, and each time it runs, it will insert a new set
of measurements in the database.


=head1 AUTHOR

David Precious <davidp@preshweb.co.uk>
