=head1 munin_db_query

A simple Munin plugin which can be fed an SQL query (which should return one row
with one column), which just executes it and returns the result.

A trivial way to e.g. graph the latest reading from a table of values.

=head1 USAGE

Symlink it under C</etc/munin/plugins> with the desired name.

In C</etc/munin/plugin-conf.d/munin-node>, add a section with the name of the
symlink you created, with the following env vars - this is a live working
example from my home server:

    [garden_temp]
    env.title Outdoor temperature
    env.label Temperature
    env.vlabel Temperature (C)
    env.category Environment
    env.query select temp_c from temperature_records order by timestamp desc limit 1
    env.dsn DBI:mysql:davidp
    env.db_user munin

If you wish to graph multiple values on the same graph, then instead of
C<env.query> and C<env.label>, use pairs of e.g. C<env.query1> and C<env.label1>,
C<env.query2> and C<env.label2>, etc.

=head1 Env vars

The environment vars used to control the plugin (see above for how to set them
in the munin-node config) are:

=over

=item title

The title for the graph - shown across the top of the graph

=item vlabel

The label for the data being plotted (labels the Y axis)

=item label

The label for the value - i.e. shown in the graph legend.  Defaults to
the same as C<vlabel>.  If you are graphing multiple values, then instead use
C<label1>, C<label2> etc.

=item category

The category for this graph.  If not specified, defaults to "Database queries".

=item query

The SQL query to run.  If you are graphing multiple values, instead use
C<query1>, C<query2> etc, and be sure to also supply C<label1>, C<label2> etc
to label what each reading is.

=item dsn

The DSN to pass to L<DBI>.

=item db_user

Optional, the username to connect as

=item db_pass

Optional, the password to use

=back

