=head1 nagios_3ware_raid_check

=head2 DESCRIPTION

This is a simple Nagios plugin to monitor the state of RAID arrays on 3ware/LSI
RAID cards, using 3ware's C<tw_cli> utility, which you can download from the 
3ware/LSI site (see below).

The plugin automatically determines which 3ware/LSI RAID controller cards are
present, and which RAID arrays are configured, and checks the status of each.

This means it can happily support monitoring of multiple controller cards and
RAID arrays, and does not need to be told which card number / unit number to
monitor - it will just Do The Right Thing.


=head2 REQUIREMENTS

Besides the obvious (Nagios/NRPE, Perl, and and the C<Nagios::Plugin> module
from CPAN), you'll also need 3ware's C<tw_cli> utility.

=head3 tw_cli utility from 3ware/LSI

You can download tw_cli from the 3ware (now LSI) website, for instance:

http://www.lsi.com/channel/products/raid_controllers/sata_sas/3ware_9690sa4i/index.html

It appears to be compatible with most cards, so you don't have to pick the
specific card you have from the list.


=head3 sudo setup

You probably don't want to be running your Nagios plugins as root.  However,
tw_cli needs to run as root.  So, this script uses sudo to execute tw_cli as
root.

You'll need to allow this to happen with no password.  For security, I'd only
allow the nagios user to run the tw_cli command - add something like this to
the C<sudoers> file:

  nagios  ALL=  NOPASSWD: /usr/local/sbin/tw_cli

By default, this plugin expects to find the C<tw_cli> binary in your $PATH.  
If you can run C<sudo tw_cli> yourself and get output, it should work.  
However, if you need to, you can provide the path to the tw_cli binary using 
the C<--tw_cli> option, e.g.:

    ./nagios-3ware-raid-check --tw_cli=/path/to/tw_cli

This may be a good idea anyway, to ensure that the binary that the plugin
executes (as root, remember!) is the one you expect, and not some other
binary/script named C<tw_cli> which appeared in some other directory earlier 
in your $PATH.


=head1 CONTRIBUTING / NEW VERSIONS

This plugin is developed on GitHub at:

L<https://github.com/bigpresh/misc-scripts/tree/master/nagios_3ware_raid_check>

Patches / bug reports / feedback welcome.

=head1 AUTHOR

David Precious <davidp@preshweb.co.uk>


