=head1 NAME

check_process_stats - Nagios plugin for monitoring CPU/memory use by processes

=head1 FEATURES

Allows you to monitor which processes (grouped by name) use the most CPU time /
memory on your box, with configurable thresholds, perfdata reporting etc.

=over

=item Returns perfdata

Returns perfdata stats of memory and CPU usage and process count grouped by
process name, so you can feed that to your metrics graphing system via Graphios
etc and get pretty graphs so you can see at a glance what is using up lots of
memory or CPU time, as well as monitoring in case any particular type of
process gets greedier than it should.

=over

=item Monitor only processes with a specific name

By default, looks at all processes, groups them by their process name, returns
that grouped perfdata for all of them, and checks each group against the
thresholds (see below).

If you only want to check processes with a specific name, then use the C<-p> /
C<--process_name> option to only look at processes with the name provided, e.g.:

  [davidp@supernova:~]$ perl check_process_stats -p perl
  PROCESSES OK - 3 procs matching perl | perl.procs=3;; perl.total_rss=97632kB;;
  perl.total_cpu=20.5;;


=item Check CPU usage / memory usage against thresholds

If you want to check the CPU usage / memory usage/ number of processes against
thresholds, then you can, using the C<--max_ram|m>, C<--max_cpu|c> and
C<--max_procs|p> options, and the C<--threshold|t> option to provide a
percentage leeway above the threshold where the return will be WARNING,
after which it will be CRITICAL.

=item Returns perfdata

Using nagiosgraph or Graphios to get metrics graphing from Nagios?  This plugin
will return perfdata, either for all process name groups if no specific name
was given to filter by, or just the processes whose name matched that group
otherwise.  Perfdata values returned are:

=over

=item I<procname>.procs

The number of processes with this name

=item I<procname>.total_cpu

The total CPU usage (%) of all processes with this name

=item I<procname>.total_rss

The total memory usage (RSS - Resident Set Size) of all processes with this
name.

=back


=head1 AUTHOR

David Precious C<< <davidp@preshweb.co.uk> >>


=head1 FEEDBACK

Feedback very much welcomed.  Do feel free to drop me an email and let me know
if this is useful to you!

