=head1 am2302_dht humidity/temperature monitoring

This is a simple Munin plugin to monitor and graph temperature and humidity
readings from an AM2302 temperature and humidity sensor.

The AM2302 is a simple, cheap and effective device for monitoring temperature
and humidity from a single device.

The plugin uses the Adafruit drives which you can check out from:

L<git://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit-Raspberry-Pi-Python-Code.git>

In particular it executes the C<Adafruit_DHT> driver to read the values.

At the moment the path to C<Adafruit_DHT>, sensor type and GPIO PIN are
hardcoded in vars at the top of the script, which is a bit lazy, but  I wrote
this for my own use and then decided to shove it here in case it's useful to
anyone else.  If I get feedback from others using it, I may refactor it to take
these parameters properly etc.

=head2 Configuring

To use it from Munin, copy it somewhere (your Munin plugins dir, e.g.
C</usr/share/munin/plugins> or elsewhere) then, in your Munin plugins dir, place
symlinks to it with the name as location_readingtype - for instance, I have two
symlinks, C<shed_temperature> and C<shed_humidity>.  The script uses the name it
was called as to find out the location name and which reading is required.
(This way you don't need to do anything clever in your Munin config.)

=head2 Help / Support

I wrote this hastily for my own purposes, for a Raspberry Pi I have in my shed,
monitoring the temperature and humidity using an AM2302, and also external
temperatures using 1-wire sensors.  So, it's not as good as code I'd have
written initially planning to release.  That said, it works for me, and may be
useful to you.  If it is, I'd be very grateful to know, if you have a moment to
drop me a quick "hey, I'm using this and it works" email, that would be awesome.
If it's not working for you and you want help, I'll see what I can do.

=head2 AUTHOR

David Precious C<davidp@preshweb.co.uk>


